User authentication:
✅* User can sign up with username, password, and role. After sign in users are sent to the Profile.
✅* Users can sign in with their existing username and password. After sign in users are sent to the Profile.
✅* Users can edit their information in their Profile.
✅* When proceeding to the Dashboard page, users can only see courses for their logged in user. At least one course must be shown.
✅* Clicking on a course navigates to the details of that course.


Courses Per User:
✅* Faculty can only see courses they have created.
✅* Faculty can create new courses, student can not.
✅* Faculty can edit courses they have created, students can not.
✅* Students can enroll into a course.
✅* Students only see courses they are enrolled in.


Quiz List screen:
✅* The course navigation sidebar contains a Quizzes section. When clicked, the user is navigated to the Quizzes List screen.
✅* The Quizzes List screen displays the quizzes for the selected course. Each course has a separate list of quizzes.
✅* The Quizzes List screen is empty by default. An add quiz (+ Quiz) button is present at the top right to create a new quiz.
✅* Clicking on the add quiz button creates a new quiz and proceeds to the Quiz Details Editor screen for the new quiz.
✅* For existing quizzes on the Quizzes List screen, clicking the context menu button (3 dots) reveals the Quiz Context Menu with options: Edit, Delete, and Publish.
    ✅Clicking Edit navigates to Quiz Details screen.
    ✅Clicking Delete removes the quiz from the list and stays on the Quizzes List screen
    ✅Clicking Publish publishes the quiz, making it available to students, and the Publish option becomes Unpublish, which performs the opposite action.
✅* Newly created quizzes are unpublished by default and unavailable to students. This is depicted by an Unpublished symbol 🚫.
✅* Clicking the Unpublished button publishes the quiz, making it available to students. This is depicted by the Published symbol ✅.
✅* Clicking the quiz title in the Quizzes List navigates to Quiz Details screen.
* The following information is shown for each quiz in the Quizzes List:
    ✅Availability:
        ✅"Closed" is displayed if the current date is after quizzes Available Until Date.
        ✅"Available" is displayed if the current date is between the Available Date and the Available Until Date.
        ✅"Not available until <AVAILABLE DATE>" is displayed if the current date is before the Available date.
    ✅Due date
    ✅Points
    ✅Number of questions
    ✅Score is shown if the user is a Student; only the last score received is shown.


Quiz Details screen:
* ✅The Quiz Details page displays a summary of the selected quiz, including the following properties:
    ✅Quiz Type - Graded Quiz (default), Practice Quiz, Graded Survey, or Ungraded Survey.
    ✅Points - The sum of the points of all questions in the quiz.
    ✅Assignment Group - Quizzes (default), Exams, Assignments, or Project.
    ✅Shuffle Answers - Yes (default) / No.
    ✅Time Limit - 20 Minutes (default).
    ✅Multiple Attempts - No (default) / Yes.
    ✅How Many Attempts - 1 (default).
    ✅Show Correct Answers - If correct answers are shown to students.
    ✅Access Code - Passcode students need to type to access the quiz. Default is blank.
    ✅One Question at a Time - Yes (default) / No.
    ✅Webcam Required - No (default) / Yes.
    ✅Lock Questions After Answering - No (default) / Yes.
    ✅Due date - Date the assignment is due.
    ✅Available date - Date assignment is available.
    ✅Until date - Date assignment is available until.
✅* The Preview button navigates to Quiz Preview screen.
✅* The Edit button navigates to Quiz Editor screen.


Quiz Details Editor screen:
* ✅Two tabs are present on the page: Details (default) and Questions.
* ✅Clicking the Details tab navigates to the Quiz Details Editor screen.
* ✅Clicking the Questions tab navigates to Quiz Questions Editor screen.
* ✅The Quiz Details Editor screen contains forms to display and edit the following quiz properties:
    ✅Title - Text input field
    ✅Description - WYSIWYG text input field with at least bold, italic, underline, list, and headings.
    ✅Quiz Type - Graded Quiz (default), Practice Quiz, Graded Survey, or Ungraded Survey dropdown.
    ✅Points - Number input field.
    ✅Assignment Group - Quizzes (default), Exams, Assignments, or Project dropdown.
    ✅Shuffle Answers - Yes (default) / No, checkbox.
    ✅Time Limit - 20 Minutes (default) number input field.
    ✅Multiple Attempts - Yes / No (default), checkbox.
    ✅Show Correct Answers - Yes (default) / No, checkbox.
    ✅Access Code - Default is blank. Passcode students need to type to access the quiz. Text input field.
    ✅One Question at a Time - Yes (default) / No, checkbox.
    ✅Webcam Required - No (default) / Yes, checkbox.
    ✅Lock Questions After Answering - No (default) / Yes, checkbox.
    ✅Due date - date the assignment is due, date input.
    ✅Available date - date assignment is available, date input.
    ✅Until date - date assignment is available until, date input.
✅* Clicking the Save button saves changes and navigates back to Quiz Details screen.
✅* Clicking the Save and Publish button saves & publishes quiz and navigates back to Quiz List screen.
✅* Clicking the Cancel button doesn’t save and navigates back to Quiz List screen.


Quiz Questions Editor screen:
✅* Displays list of questions for this quiz. List is initially empty.
✅* Clicking the New Question button adds question at bottom of list. The Multiple Choice question is default.
✅* New questions are displayed in edit preview mode by default.
✅* Clicking the Edit button displays question in edit mode.
✅* After creating a new quiz, a dropdown with the question type exists with the following options:
    ✅True/false,
    ✅Multiple choice question
    ✅Fill in multiple blanks question
✅* Points shows sum of all the points of each question.
✅* Clicking Cancel button dismisses the edits
✅* Clicking Save saves the edits but does not publish the quiz


Multiple choice Question Editor:
✅* The following options are editable on the Multiple Choice Question Editor:
    ✅Title - Text input field.
    ✅Points - Number input field.
    ✅Question - WYSIWYG text input field with at least bold, italic, underline, list, and headings.
✅* A list of answers is displayed, and a "+Add Another Answer" button exists to add another answer.
    ✅Radio button selection for the correct answer.
    ✅Text input field for the answer itself.
✅* Cancel button discards question changes.
✅* Update Question button saves question changes.


True/False Question Editor:
✅* The following options are editable on the True/False Question Editor:
    ✅Title - Text input field.
    ✅Points - Number input field.
    ✅Question - WYSIWYG text input field with at least bold, italic, underline, list, and headings.
    ✅True/false - Checkbox or radio buttons to select the correct true/false answer.
✅* Cancel button discards question changes.
✅* Update Question button saves question changes.


Fill in the Blank Question Editor:
✅* The following options are editable on the Fill in the Blank Question Editor:
    ✅Title - Text input field.
    ✅Points - Number input field.
    ✅Question - WYSIWYG text input field with at least bold, italic, underline, list, and headings.
    ✅Answer - Text input; answers can be case insensitive.
✅* Cancel button discards question changes.
✅* Update Question button saves question changes.


Quiz Preview screen:
✅* Displays the quiz as students would see the quiz. 
✅* All questions in quiz are displayed.
✅* Each question is rendered in the format based on their type.
✅* Faculty can answer the quiz.
✅* When faculty submits the quiz, the answers are saved for that quiz.
✅* The preview shows previous answers by faculty to the quiz.
✅* The final score for the quiz is calculated.


Quiz screen:
✅* Answers to the quiz are stored per student.
✅* The following data is persisted between sessions:
    ✅Most previous answers given to the quiz.
    ✅Score for the most previous attempt.
✅* Correct answers are highlighted as green, or given a checkmark.
✅* Incorrect answers are highlighted as red, or given an X mark.
✅* Students are unable to change the answers of a quiz that has been taken previously.
✅* The test can be repeated if Multiple Attempts property is true, up to the amount specified by the How Many Attempts property.
✅* The How Many Attempts property determines the amount each student can take a quiz.
✅* The correct answers are shown if the following are true
    ✅Student has made at least one attempt.
    ✅Student has exhausted their attempts specified by the How Many Attempts property.
